---
title: On Windows Phone 7's dearth of devices
---

Back in October, I switched to Windows Phone 7. My feelings now are
the same as they were then: the software rocks, the hardware sucks.
If I could buy an Apple iPhone or Google Nexus running WP7, I would.

Devices like that don't exist, though. There is no flagship Windows
Phone. The closest thing is the Nokia Lumia 800, but I don't know
when that will be released in the US or which carriers it will
support.

Maybe my disdain for my current Windows Phone, a Dell Venue Pro,
comes from the fact that I couldn't try it out before I bought it.
Microsoft stores are the only retail outlet that carries them. The
only Microsoft store in Texas is in Houston, and I'm not driving
160 miles to test-drive a phone.

Or maybe my dislike stems from the lack of choice. When I was
shopping for a phone, the only option besides the Venue Pro was the
HTC HD7. T-Mobile had one in store to play with, which sold me on
the operating system. But I hated the phone.

The choices aren't any better now, either. Microsoft's [list of
Windows Phones][1] only shows two options for T-Mobile: the HTC
Radar 4G and the Nokia Lumia 710. And the Lumia 710 isn't even
available yet.

I want Windows Phone 7 to succeed. It's a lovely operating system
that's a joy to use. But the phones themselves aren't anything to
write home about. I hope [Microsoft's partnership with Nokia][2]
pays off.

[1]: http://www.windowsphone.com/en-us/phones
[2]: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/news/press/2011/feb11/02-11partnership.aspx
